there is where everyone a little trick
kama with christmas just you have who does
so it's not very complicated during
christmas there is a quest called
estrie christmas so that's going to open
you just have to enjoy it
the opening to the opening you go
type your items well dearly kind
250000 not 2011 it's a landscape for
a Christmas cape for example we go in
put 5
but it is an opinion that at the time of
openings that it will cost dearly because
between people will come back
I'm going to put 5 I think it
will leave
no it's the first time I've
do because there is not heard
opening on the server apart
today we are challenging
we will see during the opening 6 to 0
in Algeria five panels so I'm going
unlock in addition the successes on my
void so if it sells a joule say
So not now we'll see her
only two minutes but good found
already that's his share so here's that aix is
opening
I'm waiting there I'm going fast to Iran
welcome Christmas logs and I
unlocked christmas city arguments
so recoucou everyone as we
see a great good so I avoid
let's go back to the age of v and I'm going
finish it on my best and then we'll go
directly render paintings of deua
match because I log them 25 on
news i will do it on everyone
decidedly at the mans for all the
world
by source if I was successful on the
point messages sent a little too much
it's for the moment
I was going to death his daughter
do you want to slip?
so we'll put a little hat on
a small motherboard
we are all gone
frankly this big fat bnf 250 zero
while it costs me twenty thousand camin
kraft and I think it's a very
very nice trick of evil but not everything
the time to recognize that there
really share a basin but jean rachid
apart that closes
perfect to exceed 200 million
quickly go
art
it still goes to this band will do the
balance in the end how much did we do there with
a single opening
I was the only seller after
we have people selling it four
hundred hundred miles under its super
expensive
so we resume the video here
as you see it is selling super
comes someone wants to break the prices
these words are already like a simple
digress hop adds a small
at the video I had forgotten to watch
how many cases warrant me so here you go
four million with the opening it
represent
see this
c was therefore these items were sold
while
francois henri pinault blowjob so it's
not bad a dozen panels clippard
by opening so I will continue to
do that we hesitate to do it I hope
you have not ruined my life but it's
like that so here we go
a signature in their ranks several
so here we are going to finish canvases of geese
wild but shhh
first break 31 86 for in order to
swamp
Saturday
and here we go
tron
we get together when I'm here and that's it
I'm finally here so I'm going to him
traded the 5 decoration I change
your picture doll
I think we must pay tribute
see to whom we must
the christmas bath take the buses
who is here at the attitude of our breaks
the counties killing the tooth
I think I answer you said I
past 10 succeed me
little moment now and we will get
1480 success today
I finish my vigilante bard karin that
in four days
if I lie too much pop
so it will still be 40 points
well advanced but almost seen that
it would be nice if I handle the vortex that
I am worried
/
if by that
so on it I have a job
so
I had also said whose last
trick 46
interest
so a video they created
my team and his team by making
gifts at the same time the house
more and more calm years more and more
calms obviously I 'm not that you
interested
after I taught how we get
its so here is less said in the
comments you're interested we do
want to talk to someone we just
received 1.4 and open
There you go
it develops all the success you in
do a little lol
the video
and well perfect unlock their
new requests
it's good for the leader in flat guides
will be 10 too
we're going to put them all at 2404 that's
cool
apartment
opposing flakes
and that's perfect
well I tell you everything